[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>REGINA MEREDITH: Perhaps
the strangest and most
misunderstood
dance on the planet
is that between men and women.
As we sit on the precipice of
deep, cosmically-influenced
reconfiguration,
our relationships
are becoming more at
the center of our need
to awaken the
highest in ourselves.
In my last conversation
with channeler Joan Walker,
we spoke about the human species
and the whole notion of spirit
merging with matter, and as all
things, there are polarities.
So today, we will discuss
the masculine and feminine
polarities, their divine nature,
and what we're evolving into.
And Joan, we probably
won't go into your past
again because we did
that in the last session
when we were together.
And instead, I'd
like to just get
a little bit of your
own perception of how
you see this dance between
male and female unfolding.
Because we're in physical
form, we procreate,
so we're at the densest
level of the polarities
of masculine and feminine.
And then after we
chat a little bit,
then we'll go into
a channeling and see
what they have to say about
this dance on a cosmic level
to a very personal level,
other planets and beyond.
So yes.
>>JOAN WALKER: Well, I
think that this shift
in consciousness that is
part of what is happening now
on our planet, the
masculine-feminine perception
is very much a part
of that change.
And because we are in
physical bodies that
are either masculine
or feminine,
that further exemplifies the
polarization and the split
in that because we
can only associate
from a bodily
perspective rather than
from what goes on
in the psyche, what
goes on in the emotional body
in higher levels of our being
at a energetic level.
And at that level, that all has
to shift and change because,
as individualized
expressions of the divine,
we are completely
balanced and unified
in all parts of
ourself, including
the masculine-feminine
expression.
But that's not what has been
exemplified on our planet
for hundreds of thousands
of years because
of the densification of that
third-dimensional matrix,
of polarization, which is
exemplified in the body.
So it's now time to
change all of that
as we begin to unify our
system that we spoke about
in the last session, unify
our thoughts and our emotions,
the way our body functions.
This is a very, very important
part of that unification.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
And we were talking off
camera a little bit,
because you channel a variety
of beings from the other realms,
including a couple of the beings
from the archangelic realm.
And as you were
saying, those beings
are not masculine or feminine.
We tend to genderize everything,
so we'll always say she or he.
But in truth, you were
saying it's not that.
When you're looking at
them on an essence level,
it's very balanced.
>>WALKER: Perfectly balanced.
And I did ask that question
of one of the archangels.
I believe it was Gabriel
I asked that question of.
Why is it that we always see the
archangels as mainly masculine?
Everything that's depicted, all
the pictures that are painted,
are all masculine entities.
And see, I see Gabriel has a
very strong feminine presence
in my space.
And I know it's balanced, but
that's the way I perceive her.
>>REGINA: But it's always
depicted as a male.
>>WALKER: As a male.
And Gabriel said to me that
all of the archangelic realm,
all of the angels, regardless
what realm, they are perfectly
balanced in that
masculine-feminine aspect,
as is source.
That is a perfectly
balanced expression
of the divine is the
masculine-feminine.
At the fall of
consciousness, in that split,
at first there was this big
presence of the feminine
as the dominant
role because it was
necessary to preserve
humanity at a physical level.
So the feminine took
the dominant role.
Eventually that was switched
to the masculine, which
is more recent and
current in our awareness.
So therefore, it's depicted
we have a patriarchal society.
And it's depicted as
masculine because of the fact
that everything that
comes through what's
been written in our sacred
texts are from that viewpoint.
Gabriel also said that in that
masculine-feminine expression,
they come and appear
to different beings who
have that type of
sight or experience
with them in the way
that they can best
accept it and integrate that.
So if that person would
be more comfortable
with a feminine
aspect, that's what's
projected in their space.
If they're more comfortable
with a more masculine,
powerful energetic,
that's what's expressed.
But they themselves, as are
the masters, as all the higher
realms of creation,
are perfectly
in that unity balance.
>>REGINA: That makes sense.
And of course, our depictions
are always very human-like.
>>WALKER: Well, of course.
>>REGINA: Because that's
what we relate to.
But in reality,
when you see some
of the other artists
from the last 100 years,
for example, paint
their depictions
of the archangelic realm,
it is not anything.
There's nothing human-looking or
masculine or feminine about it.
It's patterns of colors and
lights and radiant light.
>>WALKER: To depict
their energy.
>>REGINA: Well, now when
you're channeling them,
do you mostly feel
or see or both?
>>WALKER: I feel and I hear.
I may have a visual in my mind's
eye, but I don't have visions.
I don't see pictures.
So it's mostly colors and
light, or just a feeling
I get to know after they
use me a number of times,
or they are around me.
I get to discern their
energetic signature.
>>REGINA: Yes.
Now, that's a good point.
And I'd like to talk about
that for just a moment
before we go into the
subject of the polarities
of masculine and feminine.
Because many people who have
been meditating for a while now
and have started connecting
with their guides,
angels, spirits, whatever
we choose to call them,
have gone through this process
and may not be noticing.
Some people may not
be paying attention.
But there are these
energetic signatures.
And can you talk about how
you first experienced those,
and then what it's
like when you're
getting to know a new presence?
>>WALKER: Well,
after a while, there
is a familiarity
that develops because
of their consistent presence.
And they may not always channel
through me, through my voice,
but they may speak to me
because I'm clairaudient.
And they may be in my field,
not to the point where
it's obtrusive or interfering.
But I will begin to
notice that there
is a presence near me
or in the room with me,
especially-- I have a
room that I set aside just
for my meditation, and so I will
sense that as I'm meditating.
And over the years, I've just
begun to recognize and discern
that there are variances.
They're not all the same.
They have distinct energetic
templates, I guess,
and one is quite different
and unique from another.
And when I don't channel
a being very often,
like El Morya, Master El Morya,
I don't channel him very often.
He very rarely comes through me.
So I am not real familiar
with his energy signature
until he tells me.
I know it's a being, and
I'm not concerned about it,
but until he tells me who he
is, I don't recognize it early,
right away.
>>REGINA: Years
ago, when I first
started connecting with
guides and such and beings,
I noticed there would be
even physical sensations.
And where there might
be a particular, say,
a tingling on a certain part
of the body or head when
a particular being was
there, and then, again,
through that
repetition, I would know
who was knocking at the door.
And again, even in this
conversation, we genderize it.
So if it had a more kind of
heavy or firm kind of energy,
I always took that
as more masculine.
If that particular
being showed up
and the energy was softer or
on a certain side of the body,
for example, I would
take that as feminine.
But not necessarily so.
It's just the unique nature
of each of those beings.
>>WALKER: The one being that
I have channeled a while,
since about 2003 or '04, when
Master Kuthumi started to come,
he is the most balanced
energetically that I perceive.
Because he can be very soft
and loving and compassionate,
but he can also be very
direct and firm and assertive,
and I have seen
both sides of that.
And most of the time
now, it's just a very
even energetic that I recognize.
Unless he's bringing
forth a specific message
about something, he can be very,
very dynamic and very firm.
And then he exhibits more
of, what I would perceive,
a masculine quality.
But most, it's a very-- there's
no discernment masculine or
feminine.
>>REGINA: So that means that
the essence of each one of us
is the same, that
same balance part.
But we're a long way
from living that.
>>WALKER: Right.
>>REGINA: So with that
in mind, looking at it
from the cosmic to the
personal, why don't we
go ahead and let you go
into your channeling.
And we'll give you a couple
minutes to get settled.
So we'll be back
in just a minute.
And when you're ready to go,
and we'll see who's there.
>>WALKER: OK.
>>REGINA: OK.
>>WALKER: Greetings.
It is I, Anna.
I have come to converse
with you about the balance
of the masculine and feminine.
These are very auspicious
times in which you live.
Many changes are
occurring within the body
and on your planet
at a physical level.
Unity within the system must
be accomplished in order
to begin to navigate
very efficiently
at a fifth, sixth,
seventh-dimensional level
in your physicality.
We have spoken to you
previously in regards
to the unification within
the brain, the DNA,
the mental-emotional body, and
within your energetic system.
One of the things that I want
to speak with you concerning
is this masculine-feminine
perspective.
It is not
gender-related, but it is
a part of who you are
as a soul spirit having
a complete combined expression.
One not being more
valuable than another,
but working in unison
in the creative process
to exemplify who you
are at a spirit level.
In this expression, there
are exact exemplifications
that take place as you express
yourself in a body in relation
to feminine aspects
or masculine aspects.
It has nothing to do with
the gender of the body,
but is the expression
of the soul spirit
as it is expressed
through the body.
So if you have a
feminine body, within
that energetic configuration
at a physical level,
you have both masculine and
feminine qualities operating
at the same time, if
you will allow it,
or if you will notice
and be conscious of it.
This is exemplified in the way
you create your life experience
and in which you exhibit who
you are at a physical level.
By the same token,
those who have
chosen to take on a masculine
body in this embodiment
have both masculine
and feminine qualities
that they use consistently
in the creative process.
Both aspects are present
within their soul spirit
in that expression, if they will
allow it at a conscious level
and use it.
There is great value in having
that balanced exemplification
of who you are in the body.
It empowers you to a
much greater degree
in the physical realm.
The first step in
this integration
is getting past what you see
from a bodily perspective.
You have been taught
over eons of time
that men do this
and women do this.
And perhaps men are
more dominant or better
than the woman.
Or the woman has more intuitive
qualities, or more compassion,
or more love.
Nothing could be
further from the truth.
The masculine, when
is it expressed
from that divine image, is
full of love, compassion,
and has a knowing of things
as they are embodied because
of the presence, that divine
image presence, within them.
That knowing, advanced
knowing of many things,
is present as a
masculine attribute
just as it is as a feminine.
Now, in a body, that
operates slightly different
because the energy is
managed differently,
first of all, because of
what is taught and programmed
within the individual
from a very young age
and, secondly, because of
the physicality of the body.
So a masculine attribute, as it
expresses its divine imaging,
can be more assertive,
more direct, and exemplify
a power that is needed
to bring into fruition,
into manifestation, a
creative response in a very
direct, efficient way.
Now, you can see,
if you look at this
from the proper perspective,
that within that feminine,
there is that-- also that
power, and that power
can be very assertive.
But because of programming
of the feminine,
it is also misaligned
in many ways
so that it can't be
properly exemplified
as assertive, but more
from the perspective
of a fallen energetic
of manipulation.
I will manipulate.
I will seduce to
project my power.
And that's a fallen
state of consciousness,
and it's a perfect example.
Just as in the masculine,
I must be assertive
because I am powerful, and
therefore, I must dominate.
This is a fallen state
of consciousness,
and this is how
it is exemplified.
Neither masculine
nor feminine get
projected in that fallen
state of consciousness
in a divine image perspective.
Can you see that?
So you have questions.
>>REGINA: Yes, I
have some questions.
Thank you for that, Anna.
Let's look at it on a
cosmic level of creation
and the function of the
masculine versus the feminine,
or the two in consort
with each other,
in terms of the
creative process, what
each is charged
with, so to speak.
>>WALKER: There is no
separation at that level.
At that higher dimensional
frequency range,
once you pass that
seventh-dimensional frequency
range, there is no
separation, so it
is totally unified
in its expression.
When source expresses
itself fully and completely,
you do not see
masculine-feminine.
It is just this
powerful creative energy
that comes forth and manifests.
>>REGINA: At what level do we
move beyond the basic building
blocks, say, of
electromagnetism, for example?
My understanding is
that electromagnetism
is the combination of a
masculine and feminine dynamic
from which physical
reality is created.
>>WALKER: And that's at that
lower dimensional level.
>>REGINA: So
electromagnetism then
ceases to exist at
which dimensional level?
>>WALKER: When you get
into that eighth and above.
>>REGINA: OK.
That's what I wanted to know.
>>WALKER: So not
only is it expressed
masculine-feminine perspectives
at these lower levels,
it has to do with that component
of your physicality, which
is your mental-emotional body.
Thoughts are electrical.
Feelings, emotions are magnetic.
And when they come
together in that expression
at an energetic level,
it creates the field
that holds the example
or the manifestation
in form, the experience.
So therefore, the
masculine component
is viewed more at a mental level
and has more electrical charges
to it.
Where the feminine is viewed
or thought of as more feeling
or emotional or intuitive,
and it is magnetic.
Both perspectives are incorrect.
Yes, that thoughts
and feelings do
create the
electromagnetic field.
And it is the perception
of whether it's
masculine or
feminine expressions,
or a perception of that,
that gets manifested and held
within an environment of that
electromagnetic field, which
is what holds your
creative expression
in the realm of form.
>>REGINA: Because
we always hear you
need to have a very clear
focused thought that is upheld
by the feelings that
you wish to express
in that manifestation that
makes manifest anything.
>>WALKER: Correct.
So when the feminine
is misrepresented
or in that fallen
state of consciousness,
because it is expected or
viewed as being very creative,
it is also exemplified
in that there
are many thoughts
floating around.
There are many options
for that creation.
So nothing is definite.
Nothing is directed.
So therefore, you must look
to the masculine to direct it
and to bring it into a
more unified expression,
in a more powerful
exemplification, that
can be put into the experience.
>>REGINA: So this is often,
in our parlance, aligned
with the hemispheres
of the brain,
where the right hemisphere would
be considered, in that context,
more feminine,
and the left would
be considered more masculine.
>>WALKER: Right.
All of that is that division
in separation consciousness,
polarization, and all
of the programming that
stems from that through
judgment, guilt, fear, and just
the teachings and
the exemplification,
time after time
after time, creating
that vast electromagnetic
field that
holds an environment for
its expression in form.
>>REGINA: And now, I mean,
even in the world of the brain
sciences and research and such,
everything is about coherence.
So the word "coherence"
between the hemispheres
is what's coming up most often.
>>WALKER: Yes.
And that will shift and
be altered substantially
as people begin to understand
the functioning of the brain
and that it can be
altered, and sections
of the brain that haven't been
functioning for eons of time
begin to function.
So that coherence
throughout the brain,
through the neurological
system, and through the neurons
of the cells of the brain
will better exemplify
that unification, starting
with that division
within the hemispheres
of the brain
and that physical division that
is part of the brain structure
that was put in
play-- was created
at the fall of consciousness so
that the thoughts were divided,
polarized, and could not
be adequately communicated
throughout the system.
>>REGINA: Yes.
And we're certainly
living in that right now.
>>WALKER: Yes, yes.
But not totally.
You are seeing vast changes.
These new generations coming up
are living their lives totally.
The programming is
not there to hold
the rigidity of that separation.
You are seeing the masculine
taking more of a role
in family life, being the
nurturer many, many times.
And you are seeing the
feminine using their power very
dynamically, not
through manipulation,
but because they
recognize who they are
and that they do have power.
>>REGINA: Yes.
I see many examples of this
in my son's generation, who
is in his early '30s,
and then younger.
It's really quite beautiful,
much more balanced
within themselves, certainly,
than the previous generations
are.
>>WALKER: Yes.
>>REGINA: And so I want to get
into some specifics about men
and women, polarization,
and sexuality,
and the continuance
of our species,
and let's reflect it back
out maybe to other planetary
systems.
The whole notion of
extreme polarities
between the male and
female physicality,
is that something that
happens in other quadrants
of the universe and other
star systems and so forth?
Is this common, having
female and male bodies?
And are there other
iterations of that?
>>WALKER: Yes, of course.
There are many iterations
throughout creation
in the many different
galaxies and solar systems,
many different expressions
because these planetary systems
have varying states of
consciousness present
and operate in varying
dimensional frequency ranges.
So those who have form,
have a more humanoid form,
not necessarily exactly
like what we see or you
see on Earth, but
are humanoid, they
have more of that
division because
of the nature of their body.
As they begin to operate
in those higher frequency
ranges of the
dimensions, there will
be physical changes
within those human bodies,
as the human bodies on Earth.
And they will begin to
merge, not only energetically
and in the way in which
they create and exemplify
themselves, but the body,
the functioning of the body.
As it begins to upgrade to a
higher dimensional frequency
range, it will
become more in unity
and will not have that
division of male-female body.
At the original
conception of Earth,
when Earth was originally
created, there was not,
early on, that division.
>>REGINA: Yes.
That's my understanding as well.
>>WALKER: So there
are some solar systems
that have a physical
expression, a body, if you will,
that is not humanoid and
operate at a much different
dimensional level.
And they do not have
that male-female division
within their bodily function,
but it functions as a unit
and is neither
masculine or feminine,
but is a very coherent
energy within itself.
It's androgynous.
Now, first, as things
evolve on your planet, what
happens is, when
there becomes more
coherence within the
energetic system of the body
and the consciousness,
then this androgynous state
of the complete unification of
masculine-feminine expression
takes place first.
As the hemispheres of
the brain are altered
and more unification
takes place there,
more openings in the
brain, functionings
within the body, the
consciousness of beings
embodied on planet Earth
becomes more androgynous.
So to go back to your
question, are there
other planetary
systems, other galaxies
that have that
androgynous state?
And the answer is yes.
>>REGINA: So I think
when you're saying
that, the first thing that
will pop to some people's minds
right away is, what is the
process of perpetuating
the species, as it's
not done in the way
that it's done on this
planet and other planets
with that masculine-feminine
polarity and procreation?
How do other species
propagate themselves?
Or are we talking about species
that are beyond physicality?
Sounds like not, or you wouldn't
say they're androgynous, right?
>>WALKER: No.
>>REGINA: So what is the
process of procreation
in androgynous species?
>>WALKER: First of all, it is
a chosen avenue of procreation.
It is not accidental,
and it is not
dependent on the sexual act.
That's a third-dimensional
division,
where procreation,
because the way
the body functions was dependent
on the sexual unification
within the system.
And most often, it
was not approached
from a very conscious decision.
It was a decision
that got made because
of the sexual act
from that lower
third-dimensional
functioning of the chakras
and the physical
addiction to pleasure.
Because at a
spiritual level, there
was such a division
and a fragmentation
that joy could not--
and ecstasy could not
be experienced but could be
experienced at that lower
dimensional level, which
was very addictive,
and was the only way that
humans had to, in some way,
exemplify ecstasy.
And so, as that
time and time took
place, beings
evolved out of that.
And today, in your realms
of form and the way
you function on
Earth, most often
that decision is made very
consciously by parents deciding
whether to bring a child
into the world or not,
which is where it
should be because there
is a huge responsibility
to that new being
coming into form for guidance,
not control, but guidance
and support.
So they, as the divine
beings that they are,
can come into the world
of form and create
what they desired
to create and have
the experiences of themselves
at a soul spirit level
to exemplify their
individuality of their divinity.
So, too, it is in
these other cultures
who have just an
androgynous body.
There is an interior
decision that is made,
and it is also made within a
collective unit of many beings
within that cultural
system that will support
the evolution of
that soul coming
into being in some
form of physicality.
>>REGINA: And how
does that process
occur in an androgynous society?
I think I asked that
a little bit ago.
How does that occur?
What does that look like?
Say, give us an example
of a planet or two
that have androgynous
physical bodies
but are able to replicate
their species, as you say,
consciously and by choice.
>>WALKER: These systems
are not humanoid,
and they are not within
your solar system,
and they are not
within your galaxy.
These beings are more 10th,
11th, 12th-dimensional beings
who procreate within
themselves with a decision that
is made within the unity
of their soul spirit
and also within consultation
of a collective consciousness
of the many beings that they
are in relationship with.
And that being then comes into
being through that individual's
bodily system, whether
it be from within it
or within a
webbing-type structure,
a cocoon-type structure, that
is created outside of the body
energetically, and then
infused by bodily fluids
or bodily interaction.
>>REGINA: Thank you.
Thank you.
I've always been curious
about how species replicate
when they're not humanoid
species in particular.
So from what you're
saying, so as we bring
our brain into alignment into
a higher state of coherence,
that starts bridging or unifying
the masculine and feminine
polarities into a balanced
state within us from a soul
level into the emotional,
into the mental,
and then ultimately
into the physical.
So now, let's look at
this over the next, say,
couple thousand years or however
long it takes of humanity,
how does that start expressing
itself in our own bodies?
Because I would assume-- I
shouldn't assume anything--
but do we become
then-- is this species
destined to become also
an androgynous species?
>>WALKER: Yes, it is.
>>REGINA: OK.
So how does that happen?
>>WALKER: Body will
change dramatically.
The body that you
are using today
is not the same
vehicle that was used
early on at the
origination of the planet.
And even at that
eighth-dimensional level
that was present in
times of Atlantis,
the body is different.
>>REGINA: Explain the
differences to us.
>>WALKER: It's much more
separated in its configuration.
Masculine-feminine qualities
are very apparent and dominant
in its configuration, as is
the operation of the brain.
The way in which the
DNA is configured,
the way in which the cells
function are vastly different.
The chemical components
that operate within the cell
and within the bodily
fluids are different.
And it brings about this
separated, dense, dense vehicle
that was not
present in Atlantis.
>>REGINA:
Interestingly, when you
look at some of the
drawings, glyphs,
hieroglyphics, and such from
Egyptian times depicting
the deep past, you see more
androgynous types of bodies.
I think one that a
lot of people point
to is the physicality
of both the Pharaoh
Akhenaten and
Nefertiti, who almost
seem to have very similar
kinds of bodies that
were depicted in
the artwork then.
Is this something that was
deliberately being displayed,
or was this unique
to those beings?
>>WALKER: No.
It was displayed because
these beings were
eighth-dimensional beings
from the planet Sirius.
>>REGINA: And so this would be
more what a body type on Sirius
would look like even now?
Or have they changed also?
>>WALKER: They have
had some alterations,
because as the
Earth has evolved,
that all realms of
creation evolve.
So not a whole lot of
changes, but some, yes.
>>REGINA: So now with
the younger people
coming in, as we talked
about a little bit ago,
they're bringing in this
more harmonious balance
to masculine and
feminine, the way
they interact with
each other and so on.
And one of the things
that I'm noticing
a lot, just in general and
globally in that age group,
there are a lot of
reactions to the times.
In some countries,
you have shut-ins,
for example, becoming
very prominent,
where people don't really
want to go out and socialize,
per se.
They just want to
stay with themselves.
In others, the
boys and girls are
becoming more-- their
parents will often say,
I think they're
asexual because they
don't seem to have a
real desire for sex
with girls or boys or
anyone really in particular.
Is this the beginning of
what we're seeing then
as that movement
toward that integration
of masculine-feminine?
>>WALKER: Yes.
It's a very complex
subject that you
have chosen to discuss today and
has many, many layers, not just
the androgynous or the
asexual expression,
but the whole way in which
the body operates as a unit.
And as the unification
begins to happen
on all levels of
the physicality,
as well as the
mental-emotional body, the way
the thinking process
is used, the way
the emotions are
used, the ability
to create a unification within
the system, energetically as
well as conceptually.
So there are many,
many complexities
to this-- the thinking
and the awareness
of self, of you as that
individualized expression, how
you think about yourself, how
you dialogue and communicate
with yourself, that inner
talk that you most often don't
pay attention to or
are not even conscious
of, how you think about yourself
from that masculine-feminine
perspective.
If you are in a
male body, if you
are fearful of expressing
your softer side for fear
of being judged as too
feminate-- effeminate,
then you will hide those
qualities from yourself,
and you will not allow
yourself to have compassion.
And there will be
great misuse of power,
as there has been, in your
times in a fallen state.
You will not allow,
that masculine will not
allow any intuitive response.
Now, creation, they
do allow that because
in that masculine
body, the programming
says that it is up to you to
create health and well-being
or sustenance for the family.
So you operate on that
rigid programming,
and you do not have this
inner dialogue with self
that exemplifies that balanced
divine essence of you,
feeling your feelings,
being compassionate, opening
the heart, loving
unconditionally.
By the same token, in the
woman, who is in a female body,
has been programmed.
She is less than.
She has no power.
So therefore, the
way to get power
is to manipulate, to seduce, to
argue, to cry, use the emotions
in a very negative
way, to not see
her beauty and her power as
the wisdom-holder of the family
and the director
of the family unit
to express themselves
as their divine essence.
And that communication within
the interior, within the mind,
is constantly being
of a kind that
is denigrating to their
femininity, and to their power,
and the wholeness
of who they are.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>WALKER: So it's
that inner dialogue
and that inner communication
that has to be changed.
And you have to pay attention
to what you're thinking
and what you're saying to you.
>>REGINA: And I want
to talk about that,
the whole masculine-feminine
communication thing
because this is something
that seems to be shifting very
radically and needs
to shift radically.
I want to finish up on one other
aspect of that conversation.
First, I'm going to do
two little backtracks.
One of them, you were talking
about that beautiful love
and compassion that is part
of the divine masculine.
And I'm going back again
to those depictions
because I've always
been fascinated
with Akhenaten and Nefertiti.
Same thing, you have
the little children
sitting on both of their laps.
You have both of them with
these more androgynous types
of bodies.
And both of them in
a nurturing state
with the children and their
family, and then the rays
of the sun reaching down
and nourishing all of them,
for example, in one of
the very famous ones.
And it seems to me that is
a depiction of what you're
talking about as to
where we are going.
>>WALKER: Yes.
And you're seeing it now in
these recent generations.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>WALKER: It will take
three more generations
for that masculine-feminine to
become more fully integrated
and stabilized in the
psychology, in the emotions.
>>REGINA: As we go away
from those polarities then,
the manipulation on the female,
the dominance on the male,
and you go away from
the sexual charge that
happens in those
extremes there, is
what is going to occur
something that is more-- will we
have lower, for
example, lowered birth
rates over a period of time
where that charge won't be so
strong-- is the
planet going to start
reducing in population as
a result of moving more
toward an androgynous state?
>>WALKER: Correct.
That will occur because
it will be decided,
procreation will be decided
on a very conscious level,
and there will be
a communication
with that soul within
that individual parent
before that merging
comes together to create.
You will see the teaching
of these new parents,
the programming, is being
altered substantially
because the modeling
is different.
They are being
taught differently.
They are being shown a different
way to operate in life.
>>REGINA: Yes.
So we're looking at
three generations
before we start seeing this
real integration, so to speak,
occur.
And then after that,
we start seeing
physicality of the human
species begin to change.
And also, at this time,
as we spoke to Metatron
in the last conversation,
because of this integration
and unity of polarities,
of body-soul, mind-spirit
emotions, he was saying that our
lifespans will be considerably
different by that time, too,
which should be coinciding
with a reduction in population.
So what kind of
lifespans will we
be living, as you say, a few
generations out, in, say, 1,000
or 2,000 years and beyond?
>>WALKER: Well, it will
not be unusual for a being
to take embodiment for
300, 500, 600 years,
because the body can maintain
itself and repair itself
at a cellular level, not
from the state of replicating
the aged diseased cell, but from
its original perfected state.
It replicates from that state.
And therefore, the
decision to drop the body
or to leave the body will be
a very conscious decision.
>>REGINA: OK.
So the bringing together
of all of these polarities,
masculine-feminine, drawing
the spirit into matter,
bridging the functions of
our brain, right and left
hemisphere, into a
coherent state, all of this
will result in this movement
toward this expanded
state of awareness,
health, and longevity,
and moving also toward
androgyny as a species,
as you say they do in the
eighth-dimensional area
on Sirius.
>>WALKER: Correct.
>>REGINA: Yes.
So you see how devastating
it was to humanity
when the restriction of a
third-dimensional matrix
was put in place on the
Earth, how that split
every part of them, those
that decided to ride it out
and to make the difference.
It split every
part of themselves
on a physical as well
as a non-physical level.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>WALKER: And that split
has to come into unification
on all levels, at
every level, and it
will take great creative
power to do that.
It is being done.
If you will notice, watch,
look, it is being done now.
It is starting.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>WALKER: It will take a while.
It didn't happen overnight.
But it will occur, and it
will give you the courage
to sustain your
life a little longer
and to contribute to this change
and alteration, the bringing
about of unification, the
bringing about of this love
element that is so much
a part of who you are.
And it is a very powerful.
You do not yet
understand the power
of love and the energetics
that it contains.
It is not just an emotion.
>>REGINA: Yes.
As one physicist that we
know, William Tiller, says,
he calls it the universal
solvent, the thing
that bridges all things.
>>WALKER: Correct.
>>REGINA: And
which is beautiful.
And, Anna, before we
end this conversation,
I would like to talk
about the communication.
At this time, we tend
to still be very much
in left brain
dialogue in general.
It's respected over
the feminine aspect
of the dialogue, the
masculine over the feminine,
because it gives you facts.
It can tie things into our
timelines and so forth.
Let's talk about
what happens when
we start evolving
beyond that, what
our conversation between each
other starts looking like.
>>WALKER: The first
thing that happens in
that unification is the
value of each one engaged
in that conversation
having consideration, value
for the other, not being
in a position of dominance,
but allowing that perspective
to be shared without judgment.
So it is in the value of
that relationship that
shifts and changes.
And so there is not
this consideration of,
I'm in a masculine body,
therefore I am either dominant
or I'm better than because
I think more coherently.
Incorrect.
The same way for the feminine.
She can stand in her own power,
thinking her thoughts very
coherently, feeling her emotions
very coherently, and discussing
that, communicating that
within the relationship.
Not feeling superior
to, but just
in this wonderful dialogue,
this beautiful communication,
whether it be spoken or it's
an energetic interface that
takes place, valuing each
one engaged in that interface
for who they are and what they
bring to the relationship.
That value must be present in
order for this shift to occur,
valuing self first, and then
valuing the interaction.
>>REGINA: Yes, that
makes perfect sense.
We have to start where we can.
That's our responsibility, to
be respectful to one another
and fully hear one another.
Anna, is there anything
else before we sign off
on this conversation about
the essence of the polarities
of masculine-feminine
and their reunification?
>>WALKER: I would just
urge you, whether you
are in a feminine body
or a masculine body,
to consider what I have
said in this discussion
and consider the beauty,
the full beauty of you,
as it is layered in that
soul spirit of yours
and that expression
of the divine.
Honoring the fact that you have
both components within you,
and that you can
operate within that
in a very unified expression.
But first you must
value and recognize
that it is part of who you are.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>WALKER: Not constantly
restricting yourself
because you have a masculine
or a feminine body,
where you have a faulty
perception that one
is better than another, when
in reality they are the same.
They are total expression
of that divine image.
So when you notice
yourself and how
you operate within a
more balanced expression
of your divine masculine
and feminine attributes,
then that becomes a
very ingrained program,
and it alters what
you have been taught
from that fallen state
of consciousness.
It alters your ability to stand
in your beauty and wholeness.
>>REGINA: Anna, thank you
very much for coming through
and joining us to explain
some of these things.
I think there is some
definite new information
in there for many of us.
And again, thank you
for your presence .
>>WALKER: You are most welcome.
I will withdraw now.
Blessings.
>>REGINA: Thank you.
And she's back.
>>WALKER: And I'm back.
>>REGINA: Joan, we
are out of time,
and that just kind
of flew by for me.
Thank you so much
for joining me again.
And there are always
such unique perspectives
when you're talking with various
beings from various realms,
and each one has their
way of expressing it.
And it's interesting
because it brings up in us
all of the belief
systems we have.
We've been taught this.
We follow this system, this
religion, and so forth.
And so it's within each of
us to just go inside and find
what we resonate
with as our own truth
and beauty and all information.
>>WALKER: Correct.
It's about having an open mind.
>>REGINA: That's
right, open minds.
Thank you so much, Joan.
>>WALKER: You're welcome
>>REGINA: And
please, I would like
you to let me know
if you would like
more of these conversations.
And you can let us know
through my Gaiam Facebook page.
I'd love to hear from you.
And to connect with Joan
directly, go to her website
at joanandjohnwalker.com
Until next time,
thank you for joining
us here at Gaiam TV.
[MUSIC PLAYING]